OpenStack Neat
Copyright 2012 Anton Beloglazov

This product includes software developed at the Cloud Computing and
Distributed Systems (CLOUDS) Laboratory, Department of Computing and
Information Systems, The University of Melbourne, Australia
(http://www.cloudbus.org/).


This software uses distribute, a library for working with Python
module distributions developed by Tarek Ziad√©, released under the
Python Software Foundation License, and available from
https://bitbucket.org/tarek/distribute

This software uses pyqcy, a QuickCheck-like testing framework for
Python developed by Karol Kuczmarski, released under the FreeBSD
License, and available from https://github.com/Xion/pyqcy

This software uses PyContracts, a Python library for supporting Design
by Contract (DbC) developed by Andrea Censi, released under the GNU
Lesser General Public License, and available from
https://github.com/AndreaCensi/contracts

This software uses SQLAlchemy, a Python SQL toolkit and Object
Relational Mapper developed by the SQLAlchemy (trademark of Michael
Bayer) authors and contributors, released under the MIT License, and
available from http://www.sqlalchemy.org/

This software uses Bottle, a micro web-framework for Python developed
by Marcel Hellkamp, released under the MIT License, and available from
http://bottlepy.org/

This software uses Requests, a Python HTTP client library developed by
Kenneth Reitz, released under the ISC License, and available from
http://python-requests.org.

This software uses libvirt, a virtualization toolkit with Python
bindings developed by Red Hat, released under the LGPL licensem and
available from http://libvirt.org/

This software uses python-novaclient, a Python Nova API client
implementation developed by Jacob Kaplan-Moss and Rackspace -
OpenStack extensions, released under the Apache 2.0 License, and
available from https://github.com/openstack/python-novaclient

This software uses Sphinx, a documentation generator for Python
developed by Georg Brandl, released under the BSD License, and
available from http://sphinx.pocoo.org/
